Good day, this is Vladimir
i group a pocket of mist average
let's conduct a video reviewer on coiling
the dragon then the children's tent
quick moment blowjob
what can they say
see 100 to 800 grams packed here
such a cover diameter of 48
centimeters
get what we see here we see
here
sewn u note instruction on
assembly and disassembly and for watering and
according to the tent itself
there is nothing more she
will consider
according to the instructions you should remove
rubber ribbon move aside and
just throw this tent itself here
it is set sticks vegetable
food and windows rise to 30 centimeters
pay attention from all sides of them
such in the window which can be so
here's a nice wrap
zip up and get proper
absolutely my product is good tent
generates very well
model new this year at the dragon
by the way pay attention entrance tent
can both be buttoned outside and
from the inside and you can do a full on aunt
and can only
proper mosquito net
great place to play in the fresh
the air
plus the wand is equipped with a removable soft
full that will allow the child to play
on land that is not afraid to catch a cold well
Basically more and sticks outfit
say nothing since they have more
nothing does not pay anything hormones
lower attention
soft passivochka like this unfastened
buttons
it can be unfastened and put inside
the tents make themselves comfortable soft
have a child and now let's see how it is
lovely children's tent is folded
brought together four others like this
before the middle we turned clicked went
thing and intersection with other others
collected
here is such a circle for there she was
initially take the first gum and ate it
atop well and actually removed everything
tent cover come buy good luck